Jamila Abu Zuna joins us now on the
phone from K yunes in the southern Gaza
Strip Jamila I understand you live in
Gaza City but you've had to flee with
your own family and with so many others
I'm glad that you're safe I understand
you're now in a shelter in the South can
you talk us through what conditions are
like yes uh today is the third day uh of
staying at a un shelter in the south of
Gaza and Junes uh we now about 20,000
people are staying here and even more
are coming still coming
um it's really it's after we have been
forced to flee and evacuate our our
houses our homes in Gaza and we went
South not knowing what's going to happen
later but as you said earlier uh it's
happening they're launching a land
attack this is the next phase it's
another 1948 uh uh diaspora so it's
happening again the world is seeing this
but still nothing is
changing my situation Sor I was just
wanting to ask you said 20,000 people
are Sheltering there with you I mean
that's a huge number can you talk us
through what what you're seeing there
around
you uh it's it's devastating to to try
to describe actually um we've been
sleeping on the floor literally uh we
have no access to clean water no
electricity um even no clean bathrooms
for
uh even food is is very limited all the
supplies are limited uh all and we have
to mention that most of the people here
of theate people are uh infants children
and elderly people who need urgent
assistance medical
assistance Jam we've also been hearing
that there have been strikes on people
as they've been fleeing the northern
part of the Gaza Strip what do you know
about
that it's true uh yesterday one of the
families who evacuated uh who came to
the shelter we were in they're saying
that uh they evacuated the last minute
and other people who were fleeing uh
after them were were completely um
bombarded while they were on the way so
it's not safe they say they're making SE
ceas Fires for people to to um to give
people chance to flee their home to the
South but still there no
safety Jam abuna there Jamila please do
stay safe with your family thank you for
sharing that report with us we'll be
staying in touch with you in the coming
hours thank you jam